hello welcome everyone to Nova issue 28
I'm of course no show Jackson ok let's
after the comic where we see that Sam
Alexander has the black vortex and he
like he looks into it and he sees like
he asked the black vortex why should i
submit to you like what what could I
possibly do it shows him that he can
rescue his dad kill Thanos but he'll end
up like Richard rider and he's all like
fucked I don't want to end up like him
oh shit ok so he like he has nowhere
else to go so he takes the blackboard X
home which is kind of dumb because
people are gunning for this thing so
really he's putting his family in danger
man Sam really is not thanking anybody I
cuz he's new and all that but come on
man even even though you're new you
should already have your morals in check
you should already have all that shit
it's kind of like that one guy that snap
that neck you know Batman yeah him
anyway um so Sam Alexander he has no
other what the fuck to do with it but
you know he just leaves in his room all
covered its up until the collector pops
up shit so he's all like fuck I gotta
get this thing out of here but his
little sister looks into it and tries to
touch it and she starts freaking out
saying that it's mine and shit but
anyway so Sam runs off getting chased by
the collector takes out the collector
ship then runs it to mr. knife like oh
it's to fuck you know it just got
damaged so that guy like goes in like he
looks into the lifeboat X and eagerly
touches it and then he becomes super
power he looks I swear to god he looks
like a villain from Star Wars I just
expect him to pull out a fucking
lightsaber right now well actually he
looks like the type that wouldn't even
use a lifesaver that was just use
nothing but force powers it just he
looks fucking awesome by the way uh but
anyway that's the end of the comic this
was very to me it's very like yeah it
was about same length as everything else
but timmy is short on my important story
element but it was still really good
still really really fun
because Sam has no idea what the fuck to
do when he has this thing in his hands
he has no idea but seriously like I of
course at like in his character he would
definitely let something like that fall
into the wrong hands because you know
that cuz Sam he's a kid he's stupid so
he doesn't know shit anyway I get this
comic an 8 out of 10 how they're coming
you guys go out and get it it's a really
good comic really you don't have a lot
of fun just reading this I mean I like
honestly this entire Nova series is
actually really fun you like anybody
would that are that is reading this or
whatever i'm pretty sure you guys are
enjoying it as much as I am enjoying it
anyway what you guys thing about the
comic positive name comments in the
section below I'm showing Jackson have a
great day hey guys Joel here reminding
you that this video was made possible
thanks to our many great patrons if you
want to become a patron and get
exclusive comic book cast content then
click the patreon link below and see how
you can help us bring you the content
you've come to love every little bit
helps and thanks for listening